Update "Setting up a relayer node" guide (#1942)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/run-blockchain/setup-relayer.adoc

|`encryptedPrivateKey`
|string
|Encrypted privateKey of the relayer
a|
[source,json]
----
"kdf=argon2id&cipher=aes-256-gcm&version=1&ciphertext=da36ef64cbf2687d62b014dafdfa8ef8c823b2b1562ae78819599080e4500529b75e80093fba066879f0767e0de83abe285efb259dd9be5109b8a4ef66cfc52ec613314586c1aa1da3a6737c0f8b7f0de7fb4d1b85860cd23915bbcee774e1d85b357e342816a917e517f7c702e1a1deb28dd69a4b69ae2ac67a5c4c4236101c&mac=e253decce05dd50758400d5c7408532a162fedf583ff9cafcb7ad3e12f6b8011&salt=40ab2dcdd387e4372ed1dbb948a9ef84&iv=4559dcaee67eb2c1a0957ecf&tag=81c2c332d915454bed4be26018c598c5&iterations=1&parallelism=4&memorySize=2024"
----
|`ccuFee`
|string
|The fee to be paid for each CCU transaction.

> It's an optional value, and is only used if the user passes a value higher than the minimum calculated fee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's an optional value, and is only used if the user wants to pay fee higher than the minimum calculated fee.
```

> In that case the the minimum calculated fee is overriden with the value passed with the `ccuFee` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case the the minimum calculated fee is overridden with the value passed with the `ccuFee` property. If the user provided fee is lower than the calculated minimum fee then the calculated minimum fee will be used in that case.
```

    "plugins": {
        "chainConnector": {
            "encryptedPrivateKey": "kdf=argon2id&cipher=aes-256-gcm&version=1&ciphertext=da36ef64cbf2687d62b014dafdfa8ef8c823b2b1562ae78819599080e4500529b75e80093fba066879f0767e0de83abe285efb259dd9be5109b8a4ef66cfc52ec613314586c1aa1da3a6737c0f8b7f0de7fb4d1b85860cd23915bbcee774e1d85b357e342816a917e517f7c702e1a1deb28dd69a4b69ae2ac67a5c4c4236101c&mac=e253decce05dd50758400d5c7408532a162fedf583ff9cafcb7ad3e12f6b8011&salt=40ab2dcdd387e4372ed1dbb948a9ef84&iv=4559dcaee67eb2c1a0957ecf&tag=81c2c332d915454bed4be26018c598c5&iterations=1&parallelism=4&memorySize=2024",

>             "ccuFee": "100000000",

Reviewer: Maybe in the document we can give a lower value so to avoid users giving large values for fee by mistake while following the document.

```suggestion
            "ccuFee": "800000",
```

----
"chainConnector": {
    "encryptedPrivateKey": "kdf=argon2id&cipher=aes-256-gcm&version=1&ciphertext=57db80457db93a1abeceee5c6f951ca04579c447a06f45cf5e8b5398e207a26da53a6b191a02c479ede455950eacb48f32d6609f2cd4b5a1a51e895b210b587ef046e6c3151ef2212efd0808b45328742d09a279e7d667f1670ff02a2fd5c91f4afd0a08efb8e6e90b0b11e93b15da8daaeea543a0ff54f3dd51c66cac3b04c6&mac=7822258b12e0c787f5bd622c562914438a9d74ca1e11e11b840f3001a678b04f&salt=d4d051a123326ad2b82c022603e790b6&iv=0bb9e76cd5163d6c5af9d89d&tag=fbcdb355b5135d48df948841de5fcdf5&iterations=1&parallelism=4&memorySize=2024",

>     "ccuFee": "100000000",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "ccuFee": "800000",
```

----
"chainConnector": {
    "encryptedPrivateKey": "kdf=argon2id&cipher=aes-256-gcm&version=1&ciphertext=f4dd49061a128d06184308a235311dc487737b7c4a688409224ed39b7d8e76a6cdd814500dd7221297ed122d277af8ba46d42ebd340d228fe6c77132543b303c97ab89e151ecd9f2739284c60c66ab68c0f3531ffc6cbdedad2acc431e8d8e48dffd7c7eda3dfe5f404e00ef7ae825d34da7787bf792b6ecb84ea1bfe10e9ca6&mac=363141e645d5564a150a2634060bd273276b0c987a65cf64513a7871565c3f2a&salt=93213d2d1c11e91d64771c173f8bf3c1&iv=0132fa14a4ed289deb07ee11&tag=7b64ed4a0453302d54bba29d4f7a68ea&iterations=1&parallelism=4&memorySize=2024",

>     "ccuFee": "100000000",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "ccuFee": "800000",
```
